Create a list of all uppercase words from a given list.
Given a list of words create a list with words that starts with a vowel.
Given a list of strings create a new list that contains the string and its length.
Extract all lowercase letters from a string into a set.
Given a sentence create a set of all words that have more than four characters.
Create a set of first letters of each word in a given paragraph.
Given a string create a dictionary of each character with it's frequency.
From a dictionary of student course, create a new dictionary of the students who have scored 70 marks.
Given a list of student records, create a new dictionary that has student and total marks.
Use an iterator to print the keys in a dictionary
Check if the iterator prints only the items in the dictionary
Define a userdefined function as reverse that iterate over a list in reverse order and prints the output.
Write a decorator called green that adds 'Hello' to the original function that prints user's name.
Create a decorator that prints function execution started and functon execution ended before and after the wrapper function executes.
Apply a decorator to the recursive function of factioral and prints how many times the function was called.

Scenario: Classes and Objects
A dog has a name and is of a particular breed and has an age. The dog barks and sleeps.

Scenario: A car has a model & year the car can be started and can be stopped. Every car has an initial reading of 0.

Scenario: Class Car having the attribute of model and year and has the methods of drive, stop, read the odometer and update. 
Create an electric car that the attribute battery and has the method read battery/check battery and also displays how much time before a recharge.

Scenario:(Diamond problem) Base Class person Child class teacher and student teaching assistant inherits both teacher 
and student each class defines a method called as role.

Scenario: Create a base class called as Shape with the method area(). Derive the classes circle an =d rectangle that overwrite area using revelant formula. 
Call area for different Objects.